Added Remote State in glossary (#5)
felipecrescencio-cit/terraform-example-foundation: docs/GLOSSARY.md

A project created in step 4-projects to host a Cloud Build pipeline configured to manage infrastructure **within projects**.
A separate pipeline exists for each of the business units and it can be configured to use a service account that has limited permissions to deploy into certain projects created in 4-projects.
They are located under folder `common`.

## Terraform Remote State Data

> A Terraform Data Source that enables retrieving root module output values. In the Terraform Example Foundation context, it reads values from 0-bootstrap step preventing users from replicating values along other steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Terraform Data Source that retrieves output values from a remote [Backend Configuration](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration).
In the Terraform Example Foundation context, it reads output values from previous steps like `0-bootstrap` so that users don't need to provide again values given as inputs on previous steps or find the values/attributes of resources created in previous steps.
```
